   Listed in intended order of implementation.
    
    Fairy Magic:
    
        Fairies were always a very incomplete concept in Roots 2. I had all sorts of plans for them, but none ever really came to fruition. Essentially,
        I wanted to make a school of magic that would have tricky or chaotic effects, instead of some kind of simple raw power.
    
        offering Plate:
            Runestone pedestal atop which thaumcraft.items can be placed.
            Once per day, the thaumcraft.items on the pedestal will be consumed and replaced with a small amount of fairy dust.
            Different thaumcraft.items have different values:
                Vanilla crops -- lowest.
                Roots 2 herbs -- twice as good as vanilla crops.
                Spider eyes -- four times as good as Roots 2 herbs.
                Blaze powder and ender pearls -- twice as good as spider eyes.
            Every time a certain threshold is reached, instead of fairy dust you will receive a Fairy Charm.
        Fairy Charm:
            Can be given to fairies to tame them.
        Tame Fairies:
            Tame Fairies will fly after you.
            You can have up to five fly around you at once -- any additional ones beyond that will simply stay put.
            Fairies can be right-clicked to stay in place, like wolves.
            Different color fairies give different buffs:
                Green fairies will quickly decrease the duration of negative effects.
                Pink fairies will offer you slight regen when your hunger is at or above 9 shanks.
                Purple fairies will decrease the cooldown of your spells.
                Orange fairies will give you 20% reduced fire and lava damage per fairy, capping at full immunity.
        Fey Magic:
            Fey magic is a mana-like system that is obtained by drinking Spritely Brew, a form of bottled fairy dust.
            It is drained by using certain fairy-themed thaumcraft.items.
            Bathing in a fairy pool at night after many offerings will slowly regenerate your fey magic.
        Wand of Transfiguration:
            Transforms mobs into other kinds of mobs. Hostile mobs become random passive mobs, passive mobs become random hostiles, players get disguised
            as a random hostile or passive mob.
            Uses fey magic.
        Wand of Warping:
            Uses fey magic.
            Fires a projectile forward that does damage and has limited range.
            At the end of the projectile's range, it will come to a halt.
            Right-clicking with the wand again while the projectile is out will teleport you to the projectile.
        Flutter Charm:
            Drains fey magic while active.
            While active, you can jump an unlimited number of times in the air, and instead of simply jumping up, you dash in the direction you're
            looking.
        Illusory Circle:
            Drains fey magic while active.
            Any attack from monsters will phase through you while this circle is active. Hazards and damage sources that aren't attacks will still
            affect you.
            Casting a spell or using a melee attack will cancel the Circle.
        Fairy Sigil:
            A small slip of paper with fairy dust outlining a rune on it.
            Can be hung on a block.
            No monsters can walk under a fairy sigil.
        
    Paths of progression:
        
        The biggest issue with Roots 2, in my opinion, is that it's just not got enough content to be worth playing. Putting yourself through the 
        trials of its early required mechanics for what, a couple spells, is simply not worth it. The solution to this, I believed, was extending the
        mod's progression. I wanted to split the mod into two paths, not mutually exclusive -- one for animalistic druidry and one for herbology.
    
        Rite of the Verdant Grove:
            Long-lasting ritual that encircles a large area.
            Makes the area a Verdant Grove while the ritual is active.
            This Ritual is the gateway to the herbology path of the mod.
        Verdant Groves:
            Regions denoted as Verdant Groves have special properties:
                Small glittery green particles can be seen throughout the area.
                Sprouts will spawn naturally in much higher numbers.
                All plant life will grow somewhat faster.
                No undead mobs will appear.
                Occasionally, when a sapling grows, it will grow into a Verdant Tree instead of its normal tree type.
        Verdant Trees:
            A special tree type.
            The saplings and bark are used for various advanced rituals and spells.
        Ritual of the Defender:
            Must be performed in a Verdant Grove.
            The ritual will take any nearby Sprouts and slowly transform them into bark-clad Entlings.
        Entling:
            Entlings have higher health and armor than a Sprout.
            They will also naturally regenerate health in light.
            Entlings will imprint on the first player to interact with them -- that person is their owner.
            Give an entling a sword and it will attack monsters.
            Give an entling an axe and it will break logs in its area.
            Give an entling a hoe and it will harvest fully grown crops and plant seeds that are on the ground.
            Entlings have no inventory, so you will need to handle collection of resources they acquire yourself.
            Entlings can be shift-right-clicked to toggle whether or not they will perform their given task.
            Entlings can be right-clicked to toggle following, like a wolf.
        New herbs:
            I never thought of any names for these, but I wanted there to be three herbs introduced with the herbology path that would have special
            in-world uses and would be used for spells.
        New flowers:
            Similarly to the herbs, I never got around to fleshing this part out, but I wanted there to be multiple new flowers you could grow and use
            for making spells.
        Ritual of Woodland Soul:
            Gather four entlings around a small sapling and cast this ritual near it, while you stand near the sapling as well.
            The ritual would progress and grow the sapling into a huge new tree of verdant wood.
            This tree would have a glowing green rune towards its base, and several others dotted up the tree's trunk.
        Spirit Tree:
            This tree is bound to the person who cast the ritual.
            It will keep a 3x3 area of chunks loaded around itself.
            It has multiple runes dotted up its trunk. If the Ritual of the Woodland Soul is perpetuated, these runes will eventually grow.
            If you don't want a particular rune, you can prune it by breaking it and letting the Ritual create a new one.
            Only five tree runes besides the core one at the tree's base can be active at once.
            Tree runes will give you different buffs:
                Shield rune -- prevents knockback.
                Heart rune -- gives you four extra hearts per rune.
                Sun rune -- regenerate health when on grass, speed increases with rune count.
                Seed rune -- all plants near you will grow.
                Forest rune -- entlings bound to you will become larger, more resilient, and better at their tasks.
                Root rune -- sneaking will render wooden barriers around you and reduce damage.
            In addition, the total number of tree runes you have will give you a static buff: for each empty armor slot you have, you will reduce
            incoming damage by 4.5% per tree rune. If you have grown all five tree runes then this means 22.5% reduction per slot, or 90% damage
            reduction if you go no-armor.
            You do gain a weakness by being bound to a spirit tree -- fire damage will pierce your armor and your magical defenses.
        Disjunction Cap:
            A special magical mushroom that can be given to a bound Spirit Tree or entling to unbind it. They can be rebound to anyone with a simple
            right-click from any player.
        Rite of the Wild Call:
            Similar to the Rite of the Verdant Grove, except that it designates an area as Wild Land instead of a Verdant Grove.
        Wild Lands:
            Similar to the Verdant Grove in that it encircles an area, but there are key differences:
                Gold glowing particles instead of green ones may spawn.
                Entity spawning is decreased within the Wild Land.
                Herds of animals with special herd AI would move through the Wild Land instead, with huge masses of one creature type appearing and
                moving through the area.
                Occasionally, when a sapling grows, it will grow into a Wildwood Tree instead of its normal tree type.
                New types of mobs can spawn naturally.
        Wildwood Trees:
            A special tree type.
            The saplings and bark are used for various advanced rituals and spells.
        New wild mobs:
            Will exclusively spawn in Wild Lands.
            Bears:
                12 hearts, huge neutral mobs that will attack if attacked.
            Foxes:
                6 hearts, neutral mobs that will attack if attacked.
            Ravens:
                3 hearts, passive mobs, will not attack.
        Ritual of Bestial Power:
            Must be performed in Wild Lands.
            Standing by the Pyre along with a particular animal will grant you a special ability.
            This ability has a certain number of charges, displayed over your hunger bar, and is triggered by right-clicking with an empty hand.
            Charges of the ability will regenerate slowly over time.
            The power depends on the animal:
                Raven -- two black wings appear behind you and flap, giving you a boost into the air.
                Wolf -- a spectral bite attacks mobs in front of you and deals 3.5 hearts of armor-piercing damage.
                Fox -- activate a short window wherein you dodge all attacks dealt to you.
                Deer -- gain a few seconds of high speed and auto-step-up allowing you to quickly dash forward.
                Bears -- slash a powerful slash that pushes you forward, knocks mobs back, and deals 5.5 hearts of damage.
        Rite of Dark Summons:
            Must be performed in Wild Lands.
            This ritual will summon a powerful boss of the type of one of the five attuneable animals: a raven, a bear, a fox, a wolf, or a deer.
            The boss will only stick around as long as the ritual is active, and if they reach the ritual they will snuff it out and leave.
            The ritual will also summon dark spectral versions of the boss's animal that will attack you.
            Each boss would have two different useful thaumcraft.items that it would drop. I never got around to deciding what these would be though.
        Ritual of Spirit Binding:
            Must be performed in Wild Lands.
            This ritual will bind your soul to a particular animal, consuming the animal in the process as you are fused as one.
            You gain the Bestial Power of the animal.
            You also gain a particular passive buff depending on the bound animal:
                Raven -- instead of jumping, you can fly upward for up to ten seconds. Also, you glide.
                Wolf -- you run faster and deal more damage.
                Fox -- while sprinting you can run straight through enemies and ignore melee damage.
                Deer -- your stamina decreases less and food gives you more hunger back.
                Bear -- you gain five additional hearts.
            After an animal binds to you, a small remnant will be left behind -- a wolf's fang, or a raven's feather, perhaps.
            This remnant can be used to create a new spell! Instead of draining herbs like a normal spell, it takes a use from your Bestial Power uses.
            I never decided what these spells would be, but they would be luminous and arcane, likely implying some kind of elemental affinity for
            each animal.
        Polymorph Charm:
            When bound to an animal through Bestial Power, you can transform visually into the animal of choice using the Polymorph charm.
            During this time you cannot use thaumcraft.items or attack, but you can still right-click to use your Bestial Power ability.
            If your soul is bound to the animal, this lasts indefinitely. Otherwise, it drains your Bestial Power uses.
    
    Endgame Druidry:
    
        This is one part that never really got particularly fleshed out. I had this idea for how the endgame could work, but never planned out a lot of
        the content for it. Regardless, I'll write what I have.
    
        Rite of Awakening:
            Summons forth powerful bestial warrior spirits.
            Requires endgame materials from either the herbology or bestial path.
        Ancient Warrior:
            Boss mob, several will spawn as the Rite of Awakening progresses.
            150 hearts each.
            Have a few random variants.
            On death will drop a fragment of their spirit which can be jarred, and sometimes their full armor set.
        Ancient Armor:
            Several variants.
            All variants provide 24 base armor, 8 toughness for the whole set.
            Variants would give different buffs like life stealing or fearing enemies or being immune to attacks from undead.
        Ancient Spirit:
            Glowing yellow ember dropped by Ancient warriors.
            Can be put in a runestone or wood case.
        Engraved Stone:
            Block of runestone with a rune carved into it.
            Place an Ancient Spirit in it to light it up.
        Engraved Wood:
            Log of wood with a rune carved into it.
            Place an Ancient Spirit in it to light it up.
        Hallowed Sites:
            Player-created locations based on arranged Engraved Stone/Wood.
            Could be henges, groves of trees, one big pillar, one big tree, etc.
            When many Ancient Spirits are placed into the engravings in the Site, it gains the ability to perform grand magic, as long as the Spirits
            are still in place.
            Sites must have an altar nearby to select and target magic, henceforth referred to as "calls".
            Sites will chunkload a 3x3 of chunks around themselves.
        Call of Affirmament:
            Keeps a Wild Land or Verdant Grove as itself without a ritual, indefinitely, for no upkeep cost.
        Call of Guardian:
            Ancient Spirits will manifest as Ancient Warriors and kill hostile creatures, or players targeted by effigies.
        Effigy:
            A crude recreation of another player. Must be right-clicked on them to bind. Used to target Calls by placing them on the Altar.
        Call of Rot:
            All undead mobs across the entire map will be more vulnerable to damage.
        Call of Drought:
            No rain. Period.
        Call of Downpour:
            All rain, all the time.
        Call of Darkness:
            Nights are extended 3x.
        Soul Forging:
            At an altar, Ancient Spirits may be bound to thaumcraft.items for particular powers.
            Not sure what these would be, but they would be extremely powerful while not simply being a numbers game. Stuff that could take down a
            Draconic player while still being able to be beaten by someone in Living Armor or Terrasteel.
            One Spirit could be bound per item. As a result, the item becomes entirely unbreakable. Even if it falls in the void it will simply reappear
            on the surface.